GAT Update for BCC (#1955)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/admin/tutorials/ansible-galaxy/tutorial.md

6. In your inventory file, you have written the full DNS hostname that has been provided, and **not** `localhost`, as we will be requesting SSL certificates.

> ### {% icon comment %} Ubuntu or Debian, CentOS or RHEL?
> The training tutorial is only tested on Ubuntu, as that is the training platform most often used. The training *should* work on RHEL/CentOS, and the roles we use are definitely compatible with both. If any of the variable values differ between Ubuntu and CentOS, we try to note it in the tutorial. Any places we don't note it are bugs.
>

> > There are known issues with CentOS7 and python3, which is used in this tutorial. If you use this setup, you should have python2 and python3 coexisting, and use python2 for Ansible (i.e. do not set an interpreter in your `ansible.cfg`) and python3 for Galaxy. This setup requires numerous changes that you will need to discover, which are not covered in this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There are known issues with CentOS7 and python3, which is used in this tutorial. If you use this setup, you should have python2 and python3 coexisting, and use python2 for Ansible (i.e. do not set `interpreter_python` in your `ansible.cfg`) and python3 for Galaxy. This setup requires numerous changes that you will need to discover, which are not covered in this tutorial.
```

Reviewer: We should also mention that both `python-psycopg2` and `python3-psycopg2` need to be installed, not sure if here or in the PostgreSQL section.

6. In your inventory file, you have written the full DNS hostname that has been provided, and **not** `localhost`, as we will be requesting SSL certificates.

> ### {% icon comment %} Ubuntu or Debian, CentOS or RHEL?
> The training tutorial is only tested on Ubuntu, as that is the training platform most often used. The training *should* work on RHEL/CentOS, and the roles we use are definitely compatible with both. If any of the variable values differ between Ubuntu and CentOS, we try to note it in the tutorial. Any places we don't note it are bugs.
>
> There are known issues with CentOS7 and python3, which is used in this tutorial. If you use this setup, you should have python2 and python3 coexisting, and use python2 for Ansible (i.e. do not set `interpreter_python` in your `ansible.cfg`) and python3 for Galaxy. This setup requires numerous changes that you will need to discover, which are not covered in this tutorial.
>

> > Both python-psycopg2 and python3-psycopg2 need to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Both `python-psycopg2` and `python3-psycopg2` need to be installed.
```

>    > retry_files_enabled = false
>    > ```
>
>    > ### {% icon tip %} CentOS7

> >    > There are known issues with CentOS7 and python3, which is used in this tutorial. If you use this setup, you should have python2 and python3 coexisting, and use python2 for Ansible (i.e. do not set the interpreter above) and python3 for Galaxy. This setup requires numerous changes that you will need to discover, which are not covered in this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    > As mentioned in the "Ubuntu or Debian, CentOS or RHEL?" comment above, if you are using CentOS7 do not set `interpreter_python` in `ansible.cfg` .
```

> >    {: .comment}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    {: .tip}
```

>
> 2. Create the `hosts` inventory file if you have not done so, include a group for `[galaxyservers]` with the address of the host where you want to install Galaxy. Remember, if you are running ansible on the same machine as Galaxy will be installed to, you should set `ansible_connection=local`.
>
>    > > ### {% icon code-in %} Input: Bash
>    > > ```bash
>    > > cat hosts
>    > > ```
>    > {: .code-in}
>    >
>    > > ### {% icon code-out %} Output: Bash
>    > >
>    > > Your hostname is probably different:
>    > >
>    > > ```ini
>    > > [galaxyservers]
>    > > gat-88.training.galaxyproject.eu ansible_connection=local
>    > > ```
>    > {: .code-out}

> >    {: .code-io}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    {: .code-in}
```

I suppose that's a typo? There's few others of `code-io` in the PR.

Author: Nah [intentional](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/contributing/tutorials/create-new-tutorial-content/tutorial.html#code-box). The .code-io wrapping a code-in/out, puts them side by side.

Reviewer: Ah, sorry, I should have checked the "docs". It is a bit confusing though :)

Author: Oh, definitely. Any suggestions for improving that? We can swap out terminology. code-2col or so?

Reviewer: Yep, something along those lines!

>    > >       become: true
>    > >       become_user: postgres
>    > > ```
>    > {: .code-out}
>    {: .code-io}
>
>    > ### {% icon question %} Question
>    >

> >    > What all do we expect to see in our folder?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    > What should we expect to see in our folder?
```

>    > >   pre_tasks:
>    > >     - name: Install Dependencies
>    > >       package:

> >    > >         name: ['git', 'make', 'python3-psycopg2', 'virtualenv', 'tar', 'bzip2']

Reviewer: tar and bzip2 should be mentioned also in the hands-on description above.

>    >
>    {: .question}
>
>    > ### {% icon tip %} Miniconda fails to work
>    > The Galaxy user is created to separate privileges. Then we add `uchida.miniconda`, which is run as the Galaxy user.
>    >

> >    > The miniconda role, attempts to install tar and bzip2, even when the user doesn't have permissions to do this. This issue has been addressed in the codebase, but, the role has not seen a release which would address this. You do *not* need to run this role, Galaxy will attempt to install conda when it is missing. We added it to prevent a possible race condition between the two mules which both attempt to install conda. So, remove the role from your playbook, and carry on, if you have issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    > The miniconda role attempts to install tar and bzip2, even when the user doesn't have permissions to do this. This issue has been addressed in the codebase, but, the role has not seen a release which would address this. You do *not* need to run this role, Galaxy will attempt to install conda when it is missing. We added it to prevent a possible race condition between the two mules if both attempt to install conda at the same time. So, remove the role from your playbook, and carry on, if you have issues.
```

>    > skipping: [gat-0.training.galaxyproject.eu]
>    >
>    > PLAY RECAP ************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************
>    > gat-0.training.galaxyproject.eu : ok=79   changed=20   unreachable=0    failed=0    skipped=38   rescued=0    ignored=0
>    > ```
>    {: .code-out.code-max-300}
>
>    > ### {% icon comment %} Huge wealth of knowledge
>    > You will notice the huge volume of output from this playbook! There are
>    > many, many steps for deploying a production Galaxy, and there is a vast
>    > amount of knowledge encoded into these playbooks by the developers and
>    > admins who use them. While we recommend this, choosing to use Ansible
>    > and the official playbooks means you are opting in to receive all of this
>    > knowledge applied automatically to your systems. You are welcome to use

> >    > a different CM system which works for your infrastructure, but it might

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    > a different Configuration Management system which works for your infrastructure, but it might
```

>    > mean re-creating a large amount of existing work that is maintained by a
>    > large community of admins.
>    {: .comment}
>
>    > ### {% icon tip %} Slow Deployment
>    > The deployment can be slowed down by the client build.
>    > The client is only re-built when there are changes in the files needed for the Galaxy user interface (JavaScript, CSS). Because we are tracking a release branch, we’ll receive updates that are published to that branch during the training since the last time the playbook was run.
>    {: .tip}
>
> 6. Explore what has been set up for you.
>
>    - Galaxy has been deployed to `/srv/galaxy/server`

> >    - The configuration lives in `/srv/galaxy/config/galaxy.yml` - be sure to look through it to see what default options have been set for you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    - The configuration lives in `/srv/galaxy/config/galaxy.yml` - be sure to look through it to see what options have been set for you
```

>    - Note the permissions of the contents of `/srv/galaxy`
>    - Some config files that Galaxy maintains itself, such as `shed_tool_conf.xml`, which controls what tools that you have installed from the Tool Shed will be loaded, have been instantiated in `/srv/galaxy/var/config`
>    - A Python virtualenv - an isolated Python environment - with all of the Galaxy framework's dependencies has been installed in `/srv/galaxy/venv`
>
>    > > ### {% icon code-in %} Input: Bash
>    > > ```bash
>    > > tree -L 1 /srv/galaxy/
>    > > ```
>    > > - `config` holds all static Galaxy config files
>    > > - `jobs` is where all job files will go (e.g. temporary working dirs, job scripts, etc.)

> >    > > - `local_tools` is a directory for custom, non-ToolsHed tools managed by the Ansible playbook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    > > - `local_tools` is a directory for custom, non-ToolShed tools managed by the Ansible playbook
```

>    > > - `server` contains all of the Galaxy server code

> >    > > - `var` is a directory for all Galaxy created files. Whenever tools are installed from the ToolShed, for the Galaxy managed cache, and the integrated tool panel file. All of these go in the `var` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    > > - `var` is a directory for all files created by Galaxy, e.g. whenever tools are installed from the ToolShed, the Galaxy-managed cache, and the integrated tool panel file.
```

>    > > - `venv` contains the Galaxy virtual environment and all dependencies, like uwsgi.
>    > {: .code-in}
>    >
>    > > ### {% icon code-out %} Output: Bash
>    > >
>    > > ```ini
>    > > /srv/galaxy/
>    > > ├── config
>    > > ├── jobs
>    > > ├── local_tools
>    > > ├── server
>    > > ├── var
>    > > └── venv
>    > >
>    > > 6 directories, 0 files
>    > > ```
>    > {: .code-out}
>    {: .code-io}
>
>    > ### {% icon code-in %} Input: Bash
>    > ```bash
>    > cat /srv/galaxy/config/galaxy.yml
>    > ```
>    {: .code-in}
>
>    > ### {% icon code-out %} Output: Bash

> >    > You'll notice that the file is significantly different than the configuration you have set up in your group variables. The Ansible role adds a significant number of additional configuration options which all require a path, and templates the appropriate paths into all of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    > You'll notice that the file is significantly different from the configuration you have set up in your group variables. The Ansible role adds a significant number of additional configuration options which all require a path, and templates the appropriate paths into all of them.
```
